11/6/24

Discussion regarding what we all have accomplished + what to have done by next meeting

Justin: database works and is set, some naming conflicts (will update as needed), will try to understand and build units
Andrew: placed marker and saves event in database and displays on map (can click on it, has info), did other things like put autodocumentor
        continuing to improve map functionality
Jake: added homepage functionality, displays events all taking place, create event page was merged, fixing issues with containerization
Anika/Alina: created the wireframes and came up with ideas to make UI more functional, will have the registration + login + map accessing page done


Mary cleared us for team-wide meeting